---
tags: 
- meeting-notes
---
# 2022-12-20 CZI EOSS 5 conda-forge grant: kickoff meeting

## ğŸ‘¥ Attendees

| Full name              | Github handle    | Organization  | Access to Slack channel |
|------------------------|------------------|-------------- |-------------------------|
| Jaime RodrÃ­guez-Guerra | `jaimergp`       | Quansight     | Y                       |
| Tania Allard           | `trallard`       | Quansight     |Â Y                       |
| Andreas TrawÃ¶ger       | `atrawog`        | QuantStack    |Â Y                       |
| Johan Mabille          | `JohanMabille`   | QuantStack    |Â Y                       |
| Wolf Vollprecht        | `wolfv`          | prefix.dev :) |Â Y                       |
| Thorsten Beier         | `DerThorsten`    | QuantStack    |Â Y                       |
| Sylvain Corlay         | `SylvainCorlay`  | QuantStack    |Â Y                       |
| Hind Montassif         | `Hind-M`         | QuantStack    |Â Y                       |


X attendees in total

## ğŸ“ Agenda

- [ ] Introductions and teams
    - [ ] Missing from Quansight [Vinicius D. Cerutti](https://github.com/viniciusdc)
- [ ] Reporting obligations:
    - NumFOCUS: Separate monthly reports
    - CZI: Joint yearly reports (next due September 2023)
- [ ] [The project management repository](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/czi-conda-forge-mgmt) 
    - Missions, milestones and issues
    - Using `team: *` labels to tag your work (required for automated reports)
    - Adding details to `WIP` descriptions
    - [GitHub project board](https://github.com/orgs/Quansight-Labs/projects/10/views/1?query=is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc)
- [ ] Communication strategy
    - "Big"/important decisions - in the GH issues and [consent-based decision making process](https://www.sociocracyforall.org/consent-decision-making/) including the conda-forge and bioconda core teams as often as needed (from planning to execution)
    - Suggested approach:
        - Periodic meetings: frequency, attendance
        - Async predominantly in the GH issues for transparency
        - Slack channel available too for quick exchanges, but no decisions there.

## ğŸš€ Action items

- [ ] Everyone add your GitHub handle to add you to the repo and projects
- [ ] Publish the meeting notes in the project repo
- [ ] Next call to be scheduled in the first week of January (1h)
- [ ] Monthly sync in/around the Mamba Meet
