---
tags:
 - meeting-notes
---
# 2023-03-28 CZI EOSS 5 conda-forge grant meeting

## üë• Attendees

| Full name              | Github handle    | Organization  |
|------------------------|------------------|---------------|
| Jaime Rodr√≠guez-Guerra | `jaimergp`       | Quansight     |
| Vinicius D. Cerutti    | `viniciusdc`     | Quansight     |
| Hind Montassif         | `Hind-M`         | QuantStack    |
| Gabriela Vives         | `GabrielaVives`  | QuantStack    |


4 attendees in total

## üìù Agenda

- [X] (JRG) Infrastructure/Security audit progress
- [X] (HM) Mostly focused on mamba work right now. Need help with the directions for OCI uploads.
  - JRG: We can bring this up in a cf-core call (next week).
- [X] (GV) Working on the navigation UX for new conda-forge.org
  - JRG: Sync with GSoC scope and team up once the grant starts.

## üöÄ Action items

- JRG: Add OCI stuff to cf-core agenda; invite Hind, ensure Wolf attends.
- JRG: Keep Gabriela posted about GSoC work.
