---
tags:
 - meeting-notes
---
# 2023-07-25 CZI EOSS 5 conda-forge grant meeting

## ðŸ‘¥ Attendees

| Full name              | Github handle    | Organization  |
|------------------------|------------------|---------------|
| Jaime RodrÃ­guez-Guerra | `jaimergp`       | Quansight     |
| Hind Montassif         | `Hind-M`         | QuantStack    |
| Tania  Allard          | `trallard`       | Quansight     |
| Gabriela Vives         | `gabrielavives`  | QuantStack    |
| Vinicius D. Cerutti    | `viniciusdc`     | Quansight     |


5 attendees in total

## ðŸ“ Agenda

- [ ] Vini: 
  - [ ] Vini to finish [database prototype](https://github.com/viniciusdc/czi-conda-forge-db) on Friday 28th. We'll share it with the channel.
  - [ ] Last efforts spent integrating with libcflib harvesters.
  - [ ] Interactive PoC to be built with https://datasette.io/
- [ ] Jaime:
  - [ ] A few documentation PRs went in, as well as guidance for security advisories.
  - [ ] Experimented with PyScript / Pyodide to use `conda-forge-metadata` in a webapp that runs on client-side but it hits so many CORS issues I gave up.
  - [ ] Axel (@h-vetinari) will use a few hours to work on the conda-forge bots test suite.
  - [ ] OCI mirroring will probably need a CEP to add external `url` field support in `repodata.json`
  - [ ] GSoC work by Asmit: https://condaforge.netlify.app/ (WIP)
    - [ ] CF issue: https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/issues/1971
    - [ ] Feedback:
       - [ ] the information architecture is missing -> Gabriela started working on this 
       - [ ] Status should be the dashboard (inside the same website)

## ðŸš€ Action items

- [ ] Jaime to schedule a call with Gabriela and Asmit next week
- [ ] Jaime to schedule a meeting with conda-forge infra (incl. Wolf) and Hind
