---
tags:
 - meeting-notes
---
# 2023-01-06 CZI EOSS 5 conda-forge grant meeting

## üë• Attendees

| Full name              | Github handle    | Organization  |
|------------------------|------------------|---------------|
| Johan Mabille          | JohanMabille     | QuantStack    |
| Sylvain Corlay         | SylvainCorlay    | QuantStack    |
| Andreas Traw√∂ger       | atrawog          | QuantStack    |
| Jaime Rodr√≠guez-Guerra | jaimergp         | Quansight     |
| Hind Montassif         | Hind-M           | QuantStack    |
| Vinicius D. Cerutti    | viniciusdc       | Quansight     |
| Tania Allard           | trallard         | Quansight     |

7 attendees in total

## üìù Agenda

- [X] Sylvain: Scope of work items
    - conda-forge [status page UX](https://conda-forge.org/status/)
    - as in the grant deliverable https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/czi-conda-forge-mgmt/issues/13 and https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/czi-conda-forge-mgmt/issues/14
    - Sylvain to invite Gabriela (Quantstack) to do a demo/work on the UI
- [X] Sylvain: Satellite efforts in the mamba-org:
    - libmamba and programmatic usage not ideal these days. 2023 goal make this more adequate for programmatic usage (2.0). the underlying motivation is to have a webserver that solves environments remotely, which means an async layer on top of the refactor. libsolv is not threadsafe, nor libarchive.
    - mamba moving to full c++, like micromamba but not static, installable along with conda
    - package signing, chain of trust needs in the ecosystem. TUF being used separately in Anaconda (pre-1.0 TUF) and in mamba (pre and post 1.0). "Root authority" in conda implementation is Anaconda Inc exclusive.
        - Related stretch goal: https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/czi-conda-forge-mgmt/issues/12
    - SBOMs are also missing in conda-forge. Anaconda does have them for enterprise clients.
- [X] Introductions: Vini from Quansight.
- [X] Jaime: Three missions: infrastructure audit, OCI mirror, maintainer's dashboard.
- [X] Jaime: Report on progress of infra docs
- [X] Sylvain: Hind has been working on how to upload packages from conda-forge to OCI. 
    - Jaime: Useful synergies on the infra docs PRs. Collaboration to happen in two weeks.

## üöÄ Action items

- [ ] Sylvain to invite Gabriela (Quantstack) to do a demo/work on the UI
    - Discussion on: https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/czi-conda-forge-mgmt/issues/14#issuecomment-1373752748
- [ ] Jaime and Hind to collaborate on infra docs.
- [ ] Decide when to have next meeting.
