---
tags:
 - meeting-notes
---
# 2023-09-26 CZI EOSS 5 conda-forge grant meeting

## üë• Attendees

| Full name              | Github handle    | Organization  |
|------------------------|------------------|---------------|
| Jaime Rodr√≠guez-Guerra | `jaimergp`       | Quansight     |
| Hind                   | `XXXXXXXX`       | QuantStack    |
| Darian                 | `XXXXXXXX`       | QuantStack    |
| Sylvain                | `XXXXXXXX`       | QuantStack    |
|                        | `XXXXXXXX`       |               |
|                        | `XXXXXXXX`       |               |
|                        | `XXXXXXXX`       |               |
|                        | `XXXXXXXX`       |               |


4 attendees in total

## üìù Agenda

- [ ] Jaime: Yearly interim report for CZI due on Sunday, Sep 30! I'd like to submit on Friday the latest.
- [ ] Jaime/Vini: adding a Pydantic model for conda-smithy input files
- [ ] Hind: mamba is getting `Downloader` improvement/plugging in [PR](https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba/pull/2844)
- [ ] Darian: 
  - [ ] WIP [dashboard PR](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/cf-infra-docs/pull/12)
  - [ ] Taking a look at Infima/Docusaurus. Infima is smaller than Bootstrap.
  - [ ] Issues need a Python API.
    - [ ] Jaime: We'll provide JSON blobs as needed in the backend

## üöÄ Action items

- [ ] .
- [ ] .
- [ ] .
