---
tags:
 - meeting-notes
---
# 2024-05-28 CZI EOSS 5 conda-forge grant meeting

## üë• Attendees

| Full name              | Github handle    | Organization  |
|------------------------|------------------|---------------|
| Sylvain Corlay         | `SylvainCorlay`  | QuantStack    |
| Florence Haudin        | `HaudinFlorence` | QuantStack    |
| Klaus Zimmermann       | `zklaus`         | Quansight     |
| Hind Montassif         | `Hind-M`         | QuantStack    |
| Jaime Rodr√≠guez-Guerra | `jaimergp`       | Quansight     |
| Afshin Darian          | `afshin`         | QuantStack    |
| Tania Allard           | `trallard`       | Quansight     |

7 attendees in total

## üìù Agenda

- [ ] Introductions. Florence has experience in Docusaurus.
- [ ] Hind / Sylvain
    - [ ] OCI Registry support
        - https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba/pull/3296 
    - [ ] Compressed repodata
        - https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba/pull/3300 
    - [ ] CEP15 - Base URL different from repodata URL
        - https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba/pull/3282
    - [ ] Mamba beta 2 coming soon

- [ ] Jaime:
  - [ ] Security items in conda-forge infra (GHA pinnings, some token hardening in conda)
  - [ ] A bit more documentation for the infra
  - [ ] Question: Increasing backlog of status page items at https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/issues/2137.
      - [ ] Darian will onboard Florence to start working on those.
